and the Lord visited Sara as he had
sinned and the Lord did for Sara as he
had spoken the cell conceived and bore
Abraham a son in his old age at the set
time of which God had spoken to him and
Abraham called the name of his son who
was born to him whom Sara bore to him
Isaac then Abraham circumcised his son
Isaac when he was eight days old as God
had commanded him now Abraham was 100
years old when his son Isaac was born to
him God has made me laugh and all who
hear will laugh with me who would have
said to Abraham that Sarah what nursed
children for I have borne him a son in
his old age serve a child grew and was
weaned and Abraham made a great feast on
the same day that Isaac was weaned
and Sarah saw the son of Hagar the
Egyptian whom she had borne to Abraham
scoffing therefore she said to Abraham
cast out this bondwoman and her son for
the son of this bondwoman shall not be
heir with my son namely with Isaac and
the matter was very displeasing in
Abraham's sight because of his son but
God said to Abraham do not let it be
displeasing in your sight because of the
land or because of your bond woman
whatever Sarah has said to you listen to
her voice for in Isaac your seed shall
be called yet I will also make a nation
of the son of the bondwoman because he
is your seed sir Abraham rose early in
the morning and took bread and a skin of
water and putting it on her shoulder he
gave it and the boy to Hagar and sent
her away then she departed and wandered
in the wilderness of Beersheba and the
water in the skin was used up and she
placed the boy under one of the shrubs
then she went and sat down across from
him at a distance of about a bow shot
for she said to herself let me not see
the death of the boy so she sat opposite
him and lifted her voice and wept and
God heard the voice of the land and the
angel of God called to Hagar out of
heaven and said to her what ails you
Hagar
fear not for God has heard the voice of
the lad where he is
arise lift up the lad and hold him with
your hand for I will make him a great
nation then God opened her eyes and she
saw a well of water and she went and
filled the skin with water and gave the
lad a trip so God was with the lad and
he grew and dwelt in the wilderness and
became an archer he dwelt in the
wilderness of paran and his mother took
a wife fans from the land of Egypt
and it came to pass at that time that
Abimelech and FICO the commander of his
army spoke to Abraham God is with you in
all that you do
now therefore swear to me by God that
you will not deal falsely with me with
my offspring or with my posterity but
that according to the kindness that I
have done to you you will do to me and
to the land in which you have dwelt I
will swear then Abraham rebuked
Abimelech because of a well of water
which abemolik servants had seized I do
not know who has done this thing you did
not tell me nor had I heard of it until
today so Abraham took sheep and oxen and
gave them to Abimelech and the two of
them made a covenant and Abraham said
seven ewe lambs of the flock by
themselves then Abimelech asked abraham
what is the meaning of these seven ewe
lambs which you have set by themselves
you will take these seven ewe lambs from
my hand but they may be my witness that
I have done this well therefore he
called that place Beersheba because the
two of them swore an oath fair thus they
made a covenant at Beersheba so abemolik
rose with fico the commander of his army
and they returned to the land of the
Philistines then Abraham planted a
tamarisk tree in Beersheba
and they're called on the name of the
Lord the everlasting God and Abraham
stayed in the land of the Philistines
many days
[Music]
you